I don't think taxing the rich is easy
and I don't campaign to tax the rich
because I think it's easy I campaign for
taxing the rich because it's essential
it is the only way to prevent the
collapse of Western living standards and
I don't think it's easy I don't think
it's easy and you know sometimes in my
heart of hearts I don't think we'll
achieve it but if we don't achieve it
then your grandkids and my grandkids and
all of the viewers grandkids will live
in Desperate poverty and that's why I
caign for it um but it is doable it is
doable it's not going to be easy because
the rich have a ton of money and they
they buy out the government they buy out
the newspapers but we did it before you
know if you look early 20th century
Britain richest country in the
world desperate poverty you know read
Charles Dickens you know that's the
history of this country and you know
it's a same all over Europe and you know
even the US had a lot of desperate
poverty but ordinary people fought for a
fairer settlement a fair distribution of
wealth and they got it